README.md, before:

# Keyte Group Website - Next.js Conversion

## 🎯 Project Overview

This is the **Next.js conversion** of the Keyte Group website, faithfully recreating the original static HTML/CSS/JS site using modern React architecture while maintaining pixel-perfect visual fidelity and functionality.

- **Original Source**: `../keyte_live/` (Static HTML v2.1)
- **Current Status**: 🔄 **In Progress** (~40% complete)
- **Technology**: Next.js 15, React, TypeScript, Foundation CSS

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start development server
npm run dev

# Build for production
npm run build
```

Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to see the development site.

## 📚 Documentation

All comprehensive documentation is located in the `docs/` directory:

- **[📋 Complete Documentation Index](./docs/README.md)** - Start here for full project overview
- **[🏗️ Original Project Info](./docs/README.md)** - v2.1 source project details
- **[🔄 Conversion Guide](./docs/NEXTJS-CONVERSION-README.md)** - Next.js conversion strategy
- **[📊 SEO & Metadata](./docs/METADATA-ANALYSIS.md)** - SEO requirements and analysis
- **[⚡ Performance Guide](./docs/PERFORMANCE-OPTIMIZATION-GUIDE.md)** - Performance optimization requirements
- **[🔧 Troubleshooting](./docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)** - Common issues and solutions

## ✅ Current Status

### **Completed**
- ✅ **Foundation CSS Framework** - Fully integrated from source
- ✅ **NIVO Slider** - Implemented with jQuery and proper initialization
- ✅ **Asset Migration** - Images, fonts, and files properly copied
- ✅ **Basic Component Structure** - Header, Footer, Layout components
- ✅ **Build System** - Module resolution and TypeScript errors fixed

### **In Progress** 
- 🔄 **Visual Fidelity** - Pixel-perfect matching with source
- 🔄 **Navigation System** - Dropdown menus and interactions
- 🔄 **Mobile Responsiveness** - Off-canvas menu functionality

### **Upcoming**
- ❌ **Form Handling** - Contact form implementation
- ❌ **SEO Migration** - Metadata and structured data
- ❌ **Performance Optimization** - Image optimization and code splitting
- ❌ **Testing Suite** - Comprehensive testing implementation
- ❌ **Deployment** - AWS Amplify configuration

## 🎯 Key Goals

1. **100% Visual Fidelity** - Pixel-perfect recreation of original design
2. **Functional Parity** - All interactive elements work identically
3. **Performance Improvement** - Equal or better loading times
4. **SEO Preservation** - Maintain all metadata and search rankings
5. **Modern Architecture** - Leverage Next.js benefits while preserving original behavior

## 🛠️ Development Approach

### **Reference-Driven Development**
- Always compare against the running source site (`../keyte_live/`)
- Side-by-side visual comparison during development
- Feature-by-feature functionality verification
- Performance benchmarking against original

### **Quality Assurance**
- Regular visual regression testing
- Cross-browser compatibility verification
- Mobile responsiveness validation
- Performance auditing and optimization

## 📋 Next Steps

1. **Phase 2: Visual Fidelity** - Complete pixel-perfect matching
2. **Phase 3: Functionality Parity** - Implement all interactive features
3. **Phase 4: Performance Optimization** - Optimize for speed and SEO
4. **Phase 5: Deployment & Testing** - Production deployment and validation

## 🔗 Quick Links

- **Source Project**: [../keyte_live/](../keyte_live/) (Original HTML version)
- **Documentation**: [./docs/](./docs/) (Complete documentation)
- **Live Original**: [keytegroup.com](https://keytegroup.com) (Current production site)

---

**Status**: In Development | **Progress**: ~40% Complete | **Next Phase**: Visual Fidelity Matching

Commit message:

Update HTML and CSS files for improved layout and navigation consistency, including script additions for polyfills and viewport settings. Remove obsolete static chunk files to streamline the build process.

README.md, after:

# Keyte Group Website - Next.js Conversion

## 🎯 Project Overview

This is the **Next.js conversion** of the Keyte Group website, faithfully recreating the original static HTML/CSS/JS site using modern React architecture while maintaining pixel-perfect visual fidelity and functionality.

- **Original Source**: `../keyte_live/` (Static HTML v2.1)
- **Current Status**: 🔄 **In Progress** (~40% complete)
- **Technology**: Next.js 15, React, TypeScript, Foundation CSS

3 Rules of Content Updates
Rule #1: You may NOT update the layout
No changes to component structure, positioning, or visual layout
No modifications to CSS classes that affect positioning or layout
No changes to the overall page structure or component hierarchy
Rule #2: You may ONLY update content within existing components
Text content, links, and data can be updated
Menu items and navigation links can be modified
Content within existing containers can be changed
No structural changes to components themselves
Rule #3: You must preserve all existing functionality
All interactive behaviors must remain exactly the same
Event handlers and state management cannot be changed
Component interfaces and props must remain unchanged
Only content values can be updated, not how they're implemented


## 📚 Documentation

All comprehensive documentation is located in the `docs/` directory:

- **[📋 Complete Documentation Index](./docs/README.md)** - Start here for full project overview
- **[🏗️ Original Project Info](./docs/README.md)** - v2.1 source project details
- **[🔄 Conversion Guide](./docs/NEXTJS-CONVERSION-README.md)** - Next.js conversion strategy
- **[📊 SEO & Metadata](./docs/METADATA-ANALYSIS.md)** - SEO requirements and analysis
- **[⚡ Performance Guide](./docs/PERFORMANCE-OPTIMIZATION-GUIDE.md)** - Performance optimization requirements
- **[🔧 Troubleshooting](./docs/TROUBLESHOOTING.md)** - Common issues and solutions

## ✅ Current Status

### **Completed**
- ✅ **Foundation CSS Framework** - Fully integrated from source
- ✅ **NIVO Slider** - Implemented with jQuery and proper initialization
- ✅ **Asset Migration** - Images, fonts, and files properly copied
- ✅ **Basic Component Structure** - Header, Footer, Layout components
- ✅ **Build System** - Module resolution and TypeScript errors fixed

### **In Progress** 
- 🔄 **Visual Fidelity** - Pixel-perfect matching with source
- 🔄 **Navigation System** - Dropdown menus and interactions
- 🔄 **Mobile Responsiveness** - Off-canvas menu functionality

### **Upcoming**
- ❌ **Form Handling** - Contact form implementation
- ❌ **SEO Migration** - Metadata and structured data
- ❌ **Performance Optimization** - Image optimization and code splitting
- ❌ **Testing Suite** - Comprehensive testing implementation
- ❌ **Deployment** - AWS Amplify configuration

## 🎯 Key Goals

1. **100% Visual Fidelity** - Pixel-perfect recreation of original design
2. **Functional Parity** - All interactive elements work identically
3. **Performance Improvement** - Equal or better loading times
4. **SEO Preservation** - Maintain all metadata and search rankings
5. **Modern Architecture** - Leverage Next.js benefits while preserving original behavior

## 🛠️ Development Approach

### **Reference-Driven Development**
- Always compare against the running source site (`../keyte_live/`)
- Side-by-side visual comparison during development
- Feature-by-feature functionality verification
- Performance benchmarking against original

### **Quality Assurance**
- Regular visual regression testing
- Cross-browser compatibility verification
- Mobile responsiveness validation
- Performance auditing and optimization

## 📋 Next Steps

1. **Phase 2: Visual Fidelity** - Complete pixel-perfect matching
2. **Phase 3: Functionality Parity** - Implement all interactive features
3. **Phase 4: Performance Optimization** - Optimize for speed and SEO
4. **Phase 5: Deployment & Testing** - Production deployment and validation

## 🔗 Quick Links

- **Source Project**: [../keyte_live/](../keyte_live/) (Original HTML version)
- **Documentation**: [./docs/](./docs/) (Complete documentation)
- **Live Original**: [keytegroup.com](https://keytegroup.com) (Current production site)

---

**Status**: In Development | **Progress**: ~40% Complete | **Next Phase**: Visual Fidelity Matching
